
This is, I'm going to speak about all me from starting to till date.
Tool.
Okay.
I was born in 18 June, 1983.
Fourteen plus years now, not forgetting, remembering my agent.
In the childhood, it would be...
Gary.
I was the first child of my parents and to be loved one, but yeah, as first time every parent mess up with the first child, they don't know how to parent in my parents are very younger age, so I have I have been with my.
and home sometimes with my uncle.
And yeah, with my parents as well, and within years I have a small sister.
A similar age of just one and a half years smaller than me.
And she's loaded one as well.
I don't remember much about the other childhood memory, right? But yes, very younger age, I become the big sister and I have a smaller one. Parents have the average financially middle class, I can say. And
They are good.
They provide all basic necessity and the peaceful environment and love as well. Yeah, they fight.
But I don't remember any of the fight in the childhood.
But yeah, it's more over the good memory, just few things where I have been in different places with my aunt.
Or other houses.
Oh.
Yeah, all over a good childhood and I have been studying the starting of the government school because my father is working in the government job and he has a transfer every five years and he usually be posted in
The villages he is in irrigation, so villages more need irrigation works and all those stuff, so my...
Basic primary study I did from the village where on government school with limited, you know, knowledge, resources, not like, you know, cities and everything.
Yeah, basic study, no extra activity.
Lovely life, just play and not a burden of competition, not a burden of...
Seeing people going and you are left out and everything, really life is quite peaceful, as I think today.
And when I study...
Or we, yeah, my mom wanted to be stable home instead of the, you know...
government, five years transferable government quarters. So yeah, my father brought one house in the hometown, which is city Bharuj. So my 8, 9, 10, we shifted over there and first time I have seen city in my school is quite away from our home. So I traveling in bus and all those stuff.
Not good memory of that time. Many reasons.
As my papa is working in the village, he come to visit us in quite often weekend or once in a month, and we are staying with mom. Mom is not that much, you know, understanding or capable enough to take care of everything.
As in hometown, we have other family members as well, where, you know, it's quite happening with fight and all those stuff.
I was good in learning. Yeah, that's an important point. I was good in learning, not the topper in the class, but yes, top five or top 10. I like to study or not. If I question myself, yeah, it is a escaping point for me. Yeah, I like to study.
to study, but not the deliberately like people around me. I have seen right now those are very coming from poor backgrounds, so they need to change their life. That's why they are studying. So I am not studying because I want to change something in my life that I don't get in good clothes or good foods or good house.
I study because to escape other thing in the house. Then after 8, 9, 10.
We moved back with our father. He took another quarters of job posting in the nearby city where he is working in Nausari. So we shifted to the Nausari. I did 11, 12 from there. And again, now differences between my parents is quite.
Tomorrow?
And I just wanted to escape from that situation. So I study, I didn't score good in the 12th, though I have a good tuition and my father did the best of him.
But yeah, I don't know why I didn't get a good score in 12th. Even I, yeah, I learned as well. I studied well as well. But yeah, I distracted quite in the voice and the...
No, I don't have any official affair or something, but I keep thinking on those directions and where I will be away from this house and all those stuff. Relation with my sister is average at the time, quite a lot, but yeah.
Definitely connected with her.
And yeah, after 12th, life has been changed for me that my father took admission in the BCA, which is quite away from.
Double.
And I have been in one of my aunt house. I have been staying in one of my aunt house and that house and doesn't have luxury like I have earlier. It's just one room kitchen. They all are staying and I staying with them. They are very peaceful and loving people. So first time I see so.
Lovely environment and all those stuff. Again, I skip was study environment was good, but I have been there for the study, so, and before in BCA computer science, I haven't decided what I want to do, whatever my father is do, I am say I...
I am okay to do that. There is a no nothing goal like, you know, I want to become this. I want to become this. Yeah, that's only thing is that I want a good life. I am a good student. I will be good.
at any position.
So, that's the only thing, but in which field where I want to go, nothing in mind at that time. Also, I never use or learn computer before my, you know, graduation. So, first time in a graduation, the computer study, right? I study.
I enjoyed the study. I grabbed the interest in programming, technical stuff. I am the one of the toppers from the schools. I am competing in programming competitions and one of the programming competitions, one or two, I have been in the graduation as well.
So yeah, that's a good, good experience and yeah, I love the field I have been into. So there is no regret at why I am studying this, why I am in this field and etc. etc. College life is quite good. After A1 year of college life, yes, I have. My sister also joined me in the same city. She.
has been in different course, but yeah, joined me in the same city. So we cannot stay with my aunt's house. So we shifted to the hostels. It's a private room where we two stay together.
So yeah, that was also a good time. Nothing issue with the staying and hostel life or staying at my aunt's house or anything. Yeah, I liking the subject and study. I study good. I liking the hostel life. I liking the college life, everything. And yeah, that again at the time,
There is not much, you know, thinking process that what I want to become. Yeah, I know I like the programming and I am more technical, so I want to be in the technical field. But visibly at the time, the how business would be, how, you know, field should be, what are the different area of working was not.
Yeah, I have a visibility of my study. I did a couple of projects with the teacher guidance. Okay, I make a website and everything, those in my mind only at the time.
And yeah, after my graduation, I want to do the post graduation because at the time same BCA would be the decision has was there in I guess 2000. So computer not in demand and everything. BCA people didn't get jobs. So I am very sure that I need to do the master and from the same Vaidya Nagar cities and same university.
In the free seat, I don't want my father to be paid. So I work hard for the entrance exam. Even I do with a couple of classes as well from the same city. It's an education hub there are classes and I did the classes as well. I gave the entrance for the MBA and MCA both and I have cleared the both the.
One at the time, yeah, little bit conflict are there, want to go for MBA or want to go for MCA, but yeah, I choose to go with MCA because I like to be more technical and programming and all those stuff. I love that subject and everything. I have a computer, you know.
Techies at the time, I don't find techies at the time. I like to install stuff by myself, repair the computer of the people, do the programming, create a visual effect and not not what not. At the time usually for the exam and all those stuff experiment I.
Vaidya.
can't sleep the whole the night and working over the night, be in the hostel, sleep in the noon time. Yeah, enjoying all those period. I got the admission in MC and a free sheet. I enjoyed the master period as well, one of my best type at the time. And after that MCA, yeah, I got the good score in my graduation as well as in my master with the distinction.
And yeah, no thought on the domain, which domain either in I want to go for the.NET, Java, testing, development. No thought process on that one. Or even though I do not have visibility either at that time. I just wanted to do the job in the my field and I thought it would be same as I am studying. I did couple of project in my MC also with.
as per curriculum as also and as per the, I know my learning interest as well. So yeah, in the MCA we have a last semester which is a project semester we need to do the internship at some of the companies and yeah, I got the internship at one of the company in the.
At the same time, my marriage has been fixed, and yeah, it's arranged marriage, and...
I, marriage has been postponed to one year till I finish my studies and yeah, I'm staying at my in-law 's house only and do the internship. It's a different phase of life at the time has been started. Again, love the job, do not love the pressure, do not like the flexibility.
Difficult to adjust from hostel life to typical house life, where I need to cook the food, wake up early, there is some routine and all those stuff, but...
able to manage it. But once my internship has been over, I got the degrees and I was in the same company as a place, but the package was not good. But your learning is good, doing the stuff. I don't remember exactly what I was working at the time, but yes, something in.NET.
She said we don't remember web or desktop application again, don't remember task has been given and we are working on those tasks. It's a small company, but the pay rate is not good, so I left that company and starting planning to left and...
starting to looking for them another company and I got the good opportunity in L&T as a third party contractor. So I joined L&T first time I've seen the good MNC company.
and big company where lots of employee are there. Facilities, tea, coffee machines and cold drink machines, breakfast and all those stuff. I like that environment and culture. Working is in L&D is not that much challenging.
Ang.
not that much challenging work I was getting at the time, just Excel work and do some stuff.
You not remember what I worked entirely and how many projects and what I did, but yeah, I did something. Then I realized after the six, even not even six months, couple of months, two or three months, that long run this again won't be the good because this is not core IT company. I will be here and there and no carrier with this. So I...
Again, look for the job and I got the job in my another company called Abra.
Good pay rate. Again, good company. MNC company, MNC environment, timing was different. UK time zone and client is US.
In-house project, but yeah, I got a good technical exposure over there, develop a good project, working on very challenges project on there, and higher management and my manager also recognized me. I got a good job, good promotion over there.
And yeah, everything good for four years in that organization. Learning space, if I say, even though I don't remember, but yeah, mostly work on the.NET for project.
Manager has a good vision, he has a vision and I execute those projects. I handle the team as well, train the people as well.
So going good there, but the timing was the UK timing and at the time I have a baby now. So I cannot manage those timings. I wanted to do something in the Indian time zone where 10 to 5 job kind of thing, not in the US or late safe working hours. So yeah, again.
After five years at Callebra, nearby five years, not finished five years, how stupid I was at the time. I miss my old graduate from that company. About to finish, but could not finish the five years.
Okay, that's a sad part, but yeah, I move to a different company there and within 10 time zone, good flexibility. I have first time seen the good flexibility. In my previous company, we don't have a flexibility. Work, work, work, work, work. Here also we need to be work, but yeah, lots of leave, manager, easy approve your leave.
Good culture, good food, good friends. I have made best friend of my life in this organization. I work over there five years. Again, web project, different project. Growing would be slow in this organization. But yeah, that's where I enjoying that.
period I handily grow my child and do the job work together.
So yeah, that was at the time, then after, there is nothing think about the business or anything, just growing in the organization, earning good was only motto.
But after that, yeah, every organization give a good training and I go to learns every step of time I attended whatever the certification organization is offering and the training they are offering. So.
Yeah, it's good in the learning and.NET.NET Advanced Version SQL Advanced Version Training at SQL, so what Microsoft certification.NET Microsoft certification, yeah, will be involved all those stuff in the both the organization, develop and deliver the project to the clients of.
or do the client interactions, everything in this period of time. But I don't know why.
YouTube has been started and by seeing YouTube or something influencer or something thought that let me start the business. I'm a good cook actually, by the way. I'm a good cook and I thought I just want to give up on the technology sector and I open my restaurant and or something. I still want to start a bit too small.
Leave the company, leave everything behind, and started my food business from the home. Wanted to start with the small and learn a little bit about the marketing and all sales, not that much doing good.
But my pricing is not good.
So I am not making much money. Even I get exhausted because I am not used to it so much work, physical work, and I am doing in starting it look good, motivated, but then after I tired and I thought this is not what I wanted to be every day.
work in the kitchen a whole lot of time. Then I started, okay, let me start a food truck and with a couple of people so that there is no burden. I just need to manage a recipe and all those stuff. And I started researching and did that as well.
Food truck opening is the worst decision of my life. Very exhausted. Many issues with the food truck opening to stay, working, handling all those stuff, getting manpower, handling manpower.
Resource Manager - all those are messed up.
So, one day I tired.
Yeah, my husband supported me, but yeah, he is also tied up. There is no money, and when I left the job, I was earning quite good.
I don't remember right now, but around 1,00,000 I was earning, but from food drug or food business I give the one year. I am not earning anything. And then after.
I give it to Yulie, I guess.
Let me remember what, yeah, I gave it two years and I was get pregnant at the time, but during this all stays and physical, like, you know, I need to be physically move around the van and food and all those stuff. Maybe my body not supported or supported. I
miscarriage at the time and yeah very painful time. So I we all thought deliberately give up on all those stuff business and let's move back to the job. During my food business also I was doing some freelancing project with one of our ex-colleague and he provided me one project and
I work on that project as well as a part-time for a couple of month, I guess, years, I guess I get the good amount from that as well. But I don't get the good, I don't make a good money from my food business and I'm not sure what I learned, but then after I...
I have a fear of starting business. I'm not sure what to say in English, but...
Let me find what to say in the English.
Yeah, simple word, it's afraid. I'm afraid of doing any, you know, extra thought and business and all those stuff. I just understood that it's too difficult for me handling everything. And I started back to the job. When I started job,
Again, then I realized that I cannot do the full day job. I'm not used to with the full day in office and I don't want to spend such a...
big period of my time in the office and just office only. I having one kid and I want to spend time with her and she is also used to with me and a whole day so she is in the her teen period so I want to focus on her as well. So I approach my new office.
I just work there for one week and then after I approach that I cannot work for the full day. First of all, that is current company in the CV card. That was I joined after the break and that is current company as well. In CV card when I started join, I joined as a full time, but in week I thought I cannot do the.
full-time job and I asked them to resign only on me and they asked what happened why so early and I genuinely said that my problem they already helped me after a you know break to hire me so that is gratitude from them side they hire me.
And then after when I say problem to them, they work around it and they provide me to work from home from the half day. My kids has a school till noon and they said that, okay, till afternoon you work from office and then after you work from home. And I agree with those. At the time, work from home is not.
so common. Even our company organization infrastructure is not support to work from home. So at the time I have a desktop machine in my office and I connect to that desktop machine from my home laptop. Somehow they figure it out and allow me to work from home for a couple of hours and that's it.
No great support at that time. If they want support at that time, I want to be continuing my carrier. So yeah, then after good project, very useful, balanced life, work and life balance. It's quite good with this organization. I'm still with this organization.
Been more than eight years now, I, I, I not grown as a...
Uh...
But I can see the designation wise. But yeah, I learned, I grew with the technology. They allow me to offer the trainings and everything new technology. I'm able to work on all those new technology Azure and.NET 26 right now with APIs and everything. So.
I am enjoying this. There is no regret. Just the only regret that okay, girl, the people who are with me are growing and it's a different level and I am at different level. But overall I am happy with that. I know that I work life balance is much important for me than the.
growing designation wise. Maybe package wise also I have grown, but not that much as done, but not the little or I am too behind from that. It's quite good again at this stage.
This is my career life in Civica as well. I make a friend, but as I working with the work from home tendency and after COVID full time work from home, I have been full not going to office. Once in a while I'll go to office though it's in same city.
just for the change I will be go there otherwise full time working from home. So I have been in this setup now couple of years and I want to, I like this, I want to be in this setup. Relationship with in-law. Okay, meanwhile, yeah, with Vika.
I get pregnant again and I have a second child as well. She's 8 years old now and the current date current date is 16-6-2026.
I hope you will get to the correct date.
16, 6, 20, 26, yeah, you have captured it correctly.
Jess is 8 years, about seven years now, and my 11 is in 12th standard, so we are focusing for her studies and everything. Cross the fingers, he got the good admission and good scores. From husband, yes, married life is...
many ups and downs, but we grow together. It's all good with in-laws and everything. I have invested in a couple of property as well. My husband brought, he's a farmer, my in-laws are a farmer, so he invested.
quite heavily in the farmland and all those stuff. We do not do the farming.
We just give farmland on the rent and they work on it. But from a couple of years, mostly after COVID, I realized that the importance of self-sustainability and all those stuff, importance of health and everything.
Yeah, I started swimming after COVID and then after regular swimming or yoga, I started couple of times, then again a break and then again start, then again break. From last one month I'm consistent with yoga and yes, I love the doing yoga, but I just could not able to manage the time and figure out.
To do it.
But yes, these two things as fitness wise I am continuing it and...
fitness goal is to stay healthy, medicine free. Nothing like I want to be, you know, lose weight or to be look thin or 0 size. Now I'm looking good. Whatever I am with my body, I'm happy with that. I just wanted to be, you know,
Be healthy, want to go any medicine.
And that's it. And yeah, definitely I can do my work easily. Move abilities or topmost priority for me. Yeah.
Family life balance is another one. So yeah, after that COVID and all those stuff, realization felt we thought that we need a sustainable lifestyle. We need to develop a farm with the produce, organic foods and sustainable things. But somehow we are unable to do that as well.
It's very difficult to handle the manpower in the farming. They have their own thought process. And the issue is we can't go and do work in a farm. Even I leave the job, then again, I cannot go and hold a work in the farm. Farm work, even whatever I learn in a self-sustainable natural farming XYZ, it need money.
I needed to spend a lot into that, though I have a farming land, but still I need to give money and work. I am now about 40. I am not used to do that kind of physical work as farm need.
So yeah, that's another backstage for us, for me especially. I still wanted to develop a farm and I'm still working in that direction. See what happened in that state. But yes, definitely I want to sell sustain farm to develop now, not only for me, my kid as well.
Things getting worse and worse in the city area environment. So this is the most required thing for us over the growing period of time.
In, let's back to the carrier. This is what my family and wanted to be. Most of the people say that I am in my retire age. I want to take a retire and handle the home only. Don't need to worry about now. The AI era has been come from last.
One and a half year more impacting to IT people and something snack net developer like me, who working on the technology, who learn the new technology and working on the technology.
Not growing in terms of position, but yeah, I can grow in terms of learning, and I know the project in my organization. Also, I've been moved to project to project, and here in the CV guide, I have been working with Australian culture from morning to evening.
In evening, I am free. I started with early morning. All the business people or domain people are from the Australia. Just technical people need in India and they need to work whatever given to them. They don't know the business, they don't know the domain, whatever technical work has been assigned to us from that, whatever small understanding we have on the domain.
I work on it. Where is my previous company? I, it's a one company in this was Civica based where service based, so yeah, one year project coming and we deliver that project and another project is coming, so I don't remember I good knowledge of any domains.
In Collaborate recruiting firms, and we are developing in-house recruiting software, but it is years back. I don't know how the process or domain has been changed nowadays, so when I come it come to domain, I don't know which domain I have expertise is, but yes.
For understanding, I always try to in Civic as well. I put this point many time and Civic. I am working in Civic. I'm working with a product based company, single product with they have multiple modules and I have been working on a single module for more than three years at the time, three to four years. Then I have been shifted to another modules.
And then another, but now when I'm in finance team for more than three to four years, three years I guess. So yeah, a couple of domain knowledge I can sit from the finance, but very limited, very, very limited. I don't know how in naturally Australia people using it.
taught it and how what are the you know risk they have everything I don't able to visualize those stuff but yeah I'm working on the product I know the product in my modules and yeah a couple of thing I understand from that.
From the past two years, AI has been quite actively affecting the IT people and same affecting to me as well. Not affecting to me in the...
Very harsh way, but yes, I didn't get increment in last two years because my experience is high, but yeah, position is same, work is same, so yeah, my company guys get this position, this much package is the highest bar.
And I said, okay, and manager position not in the India they have. Every managers are from the Australia. So there is no scope for me to grow in India in the same organization. I don't want to change the job because I have a very big comfort zone with this organization. This organization helped me.
where I am in the most need and after that as well my pregnancy period was very smooth second pregnancy. I remember in my first pregnancy my organization pressured me a lot to you know join back early and no feeding break and all those stuff was quite difficult to handle the baby at that time.
But wait, second pregnancy with this organizers and they support me a lot. A lot. What I can say, I just love this company, work life balance, pressure, no politics. I have been working with many managers, but all managers are good in this organizations.
But yeah, a limitation is only two things, not growing.
With the experience in the...
position as well as payroll. Technologically, definitely, I'll we implement, we learned and all those stuff, but yeah, I when say management or domains or the position in the package, I will be stuck from last two years in the same.
Now, AI hit us.
And I thought still things are same in the current organization. There is a no risk of job. They did couple of the layoff, but I won't be part of that one. And I am still in the secure job position till couple of your moving forward as well.
But I can see that, yeah. Earlier, whenever I tried to do something different, which is apart from my technical expertise or learning, so I cannot learn and I cannot work and everything, but AI is something, still I started very late. I feel I need to start dinging AI.
Quite early, but yeah, it never be late. I thought that, OK, this is something new area where I can grow in the same organization, where can I build a business, where I can build my consultancy business and...
Yeah, this is something from many years I have been in one circle life. I don't get bored or there is a problem in that, but yeah, very comfort circle life and very monotonous lifestyle. So yes.
Wanted to try something external outside with comfort zone of this my circle as well. Definitely I don't want to move out with that comfort zone. But I want to learn AI and with practical stability. Just I need to move, you know, push myself little bit learning AI and related techniques.
with this stuff won't be that much difficult as learning farming and doing the farming and cooking and opening the hotel business for me. So yeah, this is something that I thought I can give a try and I started learning it, exploring it.
By myself and some YouTube stupid YouTube videos, and...
Yeah, during that time, I guess my earliest I was so creative in Calibra when I still remember when I started, I do lots of suggestion to product owner and at the time I don't have a visibility that you know product owner and
Those kind of thing, but yes, different job profile. I be a tech developer and I want to be developer and still I am a developer. This I do I wanted to be in that I get I understand that what you wanted and that you get a couple of time thought that okay I.
can think I grew as a manager and lead the team and CTO and all those stuff. But at the time I don't have that. I just wanted a good developer and learn and technically technical architecture and earning a lot of money. That's the only aim and yeah that's same I have been right now.
And I grow mentally as well in same direction. Now I think that I lose creativity, but I'm not sure it may be there or I just need to push myself. I started learning AI and techie stuff and I do a couple of things, but it's not like they know production ready.
system or yeah bits and piece the information cannot connect the whole dot or I can see many many problem in my same organization. Our development director wanted to automate so many things but our product is huge. Local government product is quite.
huge and messed up with different technology and everything. So we are unable to automate single thing till date in our organization as a development process first thing.
And day-to-day challenges are quite high. Pipeline was broken, deployment is broken, environment is broken, and few thing in finance, I can say a few thing in the.NET, they started with Vue JS, some in angulars and some with MVC, some with the, I don't know.
For GL and Java and all those technology are combined and our workflow are working in that way. There's a lot of scope for automation here, but I don't know how to do it. I'm unable to do that.
Then after looking for the course and invest in myself, I buy Udemy course and I do half of the thing, but could not, you know, continuing it because I guess, yeah, comfortable lifestyle, no pressures and again stuck with, okay, do the office work, do the homework, spend the time with family and...
sleep, that's all, is a lifestyle. But yes, still internally I feel that I need to give it a try and grab my hands on AI. And then one day I decided, okay, I need to do this. I need to be expert in this area.
And this is the only chance for me to survive my career for long run. I don't want a retirement. It's not I don't have a money or something, but I want to earn. That's the hard truth. I want to earn till I leave and I want to work till I leave.
More thing.
But few thing I understand with my age and my health that I cannot do physically so much hard work.
I am not that much creative to do any YouTuber or something painting or I'm not interested to doing food as I afraid from last business itself. So I never tried to food channel as well. I thought my communication is not good, my face is not good.
And yeah, never tried. I will. I was in my comfort zone and if AI won't come, believe me, this will be continued till my retirement. This won't affect me. I do upgrade myself in.NET and whatever technology it has been coming and learn that and do the project.
And that's fine, but the AI gum thing has been changed, especially for us, like technical people change it drastically, and I can see within I'm in a good organization where things are messed up at sole level, so they can't afford to, you know, replace the developer with the AI tools.
But moving forward, I can see it will be.
And yeah, my retirement planned and all those stuff I can see won't work after one or two years. So that's another reason that I want to be in this so that I can work late in my careers as well.
Ohh.
Just a good chance, anyhow, I need to learn this if I want to continue on this one. I give the exam for Azure AI 900 for this as well. I want to become the engineering manager in the same organization, if any position for India is open, so I can be at that.
Position, and so with that thought, with some of the learning on AI, I learn for the Microsoft certification, give that certification as well, and clear it as as well, but then again, that certification won't help me to, you know, learn much and grab my hands on the AI, so I start.
Uhh...
Okay, before I wanted to how I am in the AI. So yeah, that's it. Then I have been enrolled for the one of the course. It has been three week now and I am recording this as a part of that exercise itself. And till now it's look a different good course. I'm not sure where it will.
I will be lending. But yeah, but of course you can find the client from the US, you can do the freelancing work and everything. I love to do the freelancing work and everything. But again, yeah, I'm operating as well. My work life balance and my comfort zone and all those stuff.
But that will be the second part of the thing. Learning is the first part and approaching in the same company and sustainable work life. I want now sustainable farming to sustainable work life where I can sustain and earn money. And yeah, definitely whole.
don't like to want good money. I want to like to want ******** money because I want to develop a, I want to spend on my family, on me, my kids with luxury life. Do not that much, but yeah, basic luxury and I want to develop a farm.
and I need the money for it. I don't know how to develop a, you know, self-sustained farm which earn and expense included. It look like I need to earn and invest in farm. I link, look, I am earning and investing. I'm earning and investing 50% of money going into farm and I have been nowhere right now.
now, but not sure what will be the future. Well, that's a different thing.
So yeah, on a professionally wanted to be AI expert, AI consultant and yeah, everything in AI I can understand the whole project workflow as being a technical expert till now I have been resolved many technical issues and I, that's kicked me.
I enjoy those stuff as well. Definitely like to be manager with less work, just really bit the work, but I'm not sure how good I am at it and now I didn't get any opportunity as well. Maybe moving forward, but I'm not sure. But what my, the nature.
till now is to work on technical stuff, understand and deliver the project. Yeah, so let's AI era has been giving me the exposure of that thing and wanted to try, give it a try.
On that part.
Consultancy business, definitely I would love to be in. I want to work with a number of client and US client. I want to earn in this specifically in the dollar and other currency than the INR, euro and dollar, pound. I want to earn those currencies.
Uh, yeah, that's the...
to my wanted and yeah I will be with this. So as of now current goal is to continue with the learning the AI where I am in with the course or spring that where I have registered. They are doing good till the three day opening my thinking process.
do the thing differently because with the same organization, same product, same technologies, thing, few things are changed but the more over it same and I have been in monotonous. So this is a good icebreaker for me.
Hopefully, no, I am hoping for this with this course. It should be an icebreaker for me. It will get me to the level where I want it to be, you know.
If not consultant, that's fine, but at least I see any problem in AI and I know how to solve it and how to do it and I able to do it. I need that confidence in myself. Any domain, any issues, any mess up and I able to figure out the automation use of AI and if it is not then also
So I have figured out how to make it better and everything.
Uh, yeah, that's it, me.
What else I can say?
Good.
and everything. Thank you. It's good to talk, good to speak.
I need to do this exercise oftenly. During my yoga classes also they have suggest to be with you, start generally many ways and all those stuff. I believe in all those stuff, but won't doing it. I don't know, pulchilies or anything.
And even for me to find the me time also sometimes very difficult task in the morning. I get some of the time in nobody in the home, but I prioritize those time to finish my work in my office so that afternoon time I can spend with the family and better like. So yeah, finding that me time is also quite a...
Or not that much, but yes.
Let's see how thing goes.
Happy till now what I'm doing, exploring, thinking process and all those stuff.
Thank you.

Pinkal Prajapati stopped transcription
